so it's finally here the world reveal of
call of duty black ops 3 tracks first
take on the series for over two years my
name is fantastical and today I'm gonna
be breaking down the official reveal so
due to copyright issues I'm not exactly
allowed to play the audio so if you want
to check out the trailer for yourself go
ahead and do solve the link down below
for you guys to check it out but getting
straight into this the first thing that
I was able to extract from the reveal
was the futuristic technology
orientation I know you guys are going to
be literally crying when you see this
but don't get too excited because there
are no actual exosuits in the game here
we have a first look at the combat night
as you can tell here for the first time
ever we can now shoot and Traverse
underwater which I personally thought
looked really cool right away I'm going
to get people saying rename the game to
deep-sea shooter or something along
those lines but keep in mind the water
is only going to be in certain areas or
possibly even certain maps if they do
bring it online so it's more of an
obstacle than a mechanic moving right
along if we skip a few frames we see a
mecha or Bionic hand come out which then
changes to a death machine so this could
just be the animation for the death
machine very well but it could also be
some new type of weapon then a few
frames later you see a mecha hand once
again but this time it sends forth a
swarm of mechanical bugs so I'm thinking
that this is probably just the animation
for the killstreaks since your arm is
kind of link to technology and that sort
of thing right here you can see sliding
is making a return as a mechanic here
we've got this really sick Assassin's
Creed style outfit that this guy is
using in tandem with the combat knife
I'm a really big fan of what they do
with the characters and their look so
this is a big deal for me honestly an
advanced warfare all the outfits and
customization was pretty bad so I'm
pretty excited for this here's a guy
taking out a drone which again could be
a kill streak and this is where our
slide comes into play as you can tell
this character just slid under this
animatronic and its weak point seems to
be underneath it so that's sliding
mobility really is going to allow us to
reach their weak point and I have a
feeling that traversing and just
generally moving around is going to be a
lot different in this game because
there's going to be opportunities such
as weak points and things like this that
we can use them with so here's some form
of artillery followed by a warthog so we
might actually be seen in game vehicles
this time
which I could see having a lot of
potential online and holy shit we have
wall running personally I thought wall
running in titanfall was absolutely epic
so we will be seeing in black ops 3
which is sweet and shockwave punches are
back but here's the part of the trailer
where all of the moaning comes into play
they don't have exosuits like i said
earlier but what they do have or are
introducing is a cheap knockoff of
boosting called thrust jumping which
from what I can tell is nullified in
comparison to the excess you and I'm
pretty sure you can only thrust or Joel
forward but at this moment there's a lot
of controversy going around so if they
did enough complaints I'm sure it's
possible that treyarch would take out
this mechanic since they do cater to the
community above all of the other call of
duty partners moving right along in this
next scene you can see the character has
two staff looking weapons that I believe
to be used for some kind of bludgeon
melee attacks similar to the gravity
hammer and of all the things in this
trailer I'm very very iffy but I've got
to say that I'm super excited for the
bow and arrows this could have something
to do with my liking of Zelda Skyrim and
adventure games general but I think this
is ten times cooler than the crossbow
from black ops 2 which was like a gun as
we're this is more of a traditional
style bow next up we have another
killstreak showcase and it's like an
animatronic rollie pollie that reminds
me a lot of cannonball the alien from
ben 10 i don't know if you guys have
ever seen it i'll throw a picture on
screen but here he is and the moment
we've all been waiting for yes zombies
as you can tell they break out of the
barricade so this isn't going to be your
random cheap knockoff of shitty zombies
where they just come from every which
direction this is going to be classic
treyarch zombies so super hype for
zombies but one thing I did notice was
the zombie wearing a hat which looks all
too familiar yes that's because it's
very similar to Rick top and tat as
usual they've left us with a tiny piece
of information that we can speculate for
hours on but that's the trailer as you
saw its confirmed to be coming to xbox
one ps4 and PC for the beta release
exclusively and the game comes out on
the 6th of November but that's just
about it leave a like if I have helped
you get a better understanding of the
trailer and I did and make sure to
subscribe but aside from that hope you
guys are as hyped as I am for black ops
3 and I'm al peace